feat(rollup-plugin): expose enableStaticContentOptimization, test it (#3838)
salesforce/lwc: packages/@lwc/integration-karma/README.md

-   **`COVERAGE=1`:** Gather engine code coverage, and store it in the `coverage` folder.
-   **`GREP="pattern"`:** Filter the spec to run based on the pattern.
-   **`API_VERSION=<version>`:** API version to use when compiling.
-   **`DISABLE_SYNTHETIC_SHADOW_SUPPORT_IN_COMPILER=1`:** Disable synthetic shadow in the compiler itself.

> -   **`DISABLE_STATIC_CONTENT_OPTIMIZATION=1`:** Set `enableStaticContentOptimization` to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **`DISABLE_STATIC_CONTENT_OPTIMIZATION=1`:** Disable static content optimization by setting  `enableStaticContentOptimization` to `false`.
```
